# RST - heuristics to ranking
This was meant for cognitive therapy by emotional awareness. In its current shape it can be used for creative writing to blogs. Why specific values before measure you might ask. Intuition. Celsius used water as unit and I use political rhetorics from 2018 as unit. Zero product property is not applicable as first order unit. 

Misc files: helper, zeta, zipf, meshgrid, overlay, embed*. Matrix files: zscore, brute, helper, line-count, svm, kde, row-sums, means, eigen, symmetry. Data wrangling: stops, du, dell*, range. Match: pattern*, occur, find-gaps, rms-index, highscore, diffevol*, entity, harmony, optima. Rest: ranking, frequency, unit*, sentence, words, random, gaussian, combine, chunking, brute. Old: emails*, csv-list, cosine-folder. Oak: bond2.js, bond.html. Left: nowhite, probal, youth, sum, wco. How would an engineer create a ruler like I have without biases? An extension will be to find outliers. 

Strategies I have tested until glove embeddings. 1) energy_bids.csv to wordlists (dam, dan, eno) from bag-of-words. 2) matrix arithmetic to svm. 3) frequency table to represent 1/6 samples. 4) probability score direct from ranks to trigram distribution: Colin 29 %, Stephen Hicks 34 %, Aborisade Olasunkanmi 41 %. Not consistent with V-L-S. It is research and when it is logical consistent it will be science. After that it will be engineering like numpy. 

nu.txt is sw2001.txt, dat is oanc where english is located. Therefore do: chunking, rest, occur, highscore, pattern*, range, find-gaps, rms-index, combine, helper, frequency, random, gaussian, unit*, sentence. If you want impact from ebooks with rigor you can use: ranking, matrix, symmetry, rows-sums, eigen, mean, unit*, svm, kde, zscore, line-count, brute, diffevol, optima, helper. 

I added adb after reviewing adm. Adm contain prompt, log, socks, ud, *txt. Adb will be a more general substitute directly on browser. This is because io web apps only support frontend, not sql. Bond is prototype with integers and it is used to test the ground before specialization. 

(1) Ares is immortal. Gods are immortal. Therefore Ares is a God. Mean 1.1. Sum: 5.4. (2) The peasants, for example, receive a fraction of the economic value of the goods they produce, while the aristocrats receive far more. Mean: 0.6. Sum: 10.5. (3) Undercut justice by wanting causes without effects and effects without causes. Mean: 0.5. Sum: 4.4. Is it better to have lower mean and higher sum than reverse for impact? (1) 4.9; 5, (2) 17.5; 6.3, (3) 8.8; 2.2 Does it mean that (2) is best and (3) is worst argument. Argument (2) has the lowest mean and the highest sum. This suggests that it is the most persuasive and comprehensive argument of the three. Argument (1) has the highest mean, but the lowest sum. This suggests that it is less persuasive, but more narrowly focused. Argument (3) has an average mean and an average sum. This suggests that it is neither the most persuasive nor the most compreh-ensive (1) is less persuasive, but more focused. (3) is average. (2) is a hasty generalization, as it relies on only one example to support a broad claim. (3) is a straw man fallacy, as it misrepresents the opposing viewpoint. It also uses confusing language and metaphors.
